Please! This is supposed to be a happy occasion. Let's not bicker and argue over who killed who.
I fart in your general direction. Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
It's just a flesh wound.
What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
You must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest... WITH... A HERRING!
Look, that rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide! It's a killer!
O Knights of Ni, you are just and fair, and we will return with a shrubbery.
On second thought , let’s not go to Camelot. ‘Tis a silly place.
No, now go away before I taunt you a second time.
Precisely, so how do we know if she’s made fo wood?
but can you also not build a bridge out of stone?
And the Lord spake, saying, “First shalt thou take out the Holy Pin. Then shalt thou count to three, no more–no less. Three shall be the number thou shalt count, and the number of the counting shall be three. Four shalt thou not count, neither count thou two, excepting that thou then proceed to three. Five is right out. Once the number three, being the third number, be reached, then lobbest thou thy Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch towards thy foe, who, being naughty in my sight, shall snuff it.
Listen, strange women lyin’ in ponds distributin’ swords is no basis for a system of government! Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony!
We’re Knights of the Round Table. We dance whene’er we’re able. We do routines and chorus scenes With footwork impeccable. We dine well here in Camelot. We eat ham and jam and spam a lot. We’re Knights of the Round Table. Our shows are formidable, But Many times we’re given rhymes That are quite unsingable. We’re opera mad in Camelot. We sing from the diaphragm a lot.
In war we’re tough and able, Quite indefatigable. Between our quests we sequin vests and impersonate Clark Gable. It’s a busy life in Camelot.
We are now the Knights who Say… ekki-ekki-ekki-ekki-ptang-zoom-boing-mrowr!